= FeedBurner

The FeedBurner Awareness API (AwAPI) allows publishers of FeedBurner feeds to reuse the detailed traffic statistics we capture for any of their feeds. 
Third-party applications and web services that consume feeds can leverage this data to provide useful feed awareness statistics to potential subscribers. 
FeedBurner captures traffic data at an overall level for every feed. Feeds that use our free FeedBurner Stats PRO item view tracking have access to much more detailed data at the individual item level. 
This data includes "resyndication" information, which is very useful for determining where and how a feed is being consumed.

http://code.google.com/apis/feedburner/awareness_api.html

== Install

  rails plugin install git://github.com/galetahub/feedburner.git

or

  gem 'feedburner', :git => 'git://github.com/galetahub/feedburner.git'

== Configure

=== API keys

Past configuration code into config/initializers folder in your project.

The URI of the feed (same as http://feedproxy.google.com/<feeduri>) 
Must be used if id is not specified

  FeedBurner.feed_uri = "blogspot/tuAm"

or 

The FeedBurner id of the feed (visible when editing a feed in your account, e.g., http://feedburner.google.com/fb/a/optimize?id=<id>). 
May be used instead if uri is not specified.

  FeedBurner.feed_id = "demo"

=== Logger

Use rails default logger:

  FeedBurner.logger = Rails.logger

or

  require 'logger'
  
  logfile = File.open(Rails.root.join('log', 'feedburner.log'), 'w')
  logfile.sync = true

  FeedBurner.logger = Logger.new(logfile)  

=== Debug

Puts response body into log file

  FeedBurner.debug = Rails.env.development?

=== XML parser

FeedBurner use ActiveSupport::XmlMini to parse response. So we recomended use nokogiri:

  ActiveSupport::XmlMini.backend = 'Nokogiri'

== Example

  feed = FeedBurner.get_feed_data
  feed.uid # return feed id
  feed.entries # return feed entries

== Similar gems

https://github.com/nedski/ruby-awareness-api

Copyright (c) 2010 Brainberry, released under the MIT license
